Adding new card templates and updating changes in card templates (#1)
SAP-samples/mobile-cards-templates: My Time Sheet Card Template - Single Instance/README.md

# My Time Sheet Card

## Description

> Time Sheet Card is a card that displays you your time sheet entries and status. You can see the Name, Date, Number of Hours and the status of your time sheet request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Time Sheet Card keeps a record of your work activity. You can see the Name, Date, Number of Hours and the status of your timesheet request.
```
